WEN CLI (#87)
wen-community/wen-program-library: README.md

Each program in the project contains autogenerated Javascript and Rust clients:

wen new standard:

- [JavaScript](./clients/js/wen_new_standard/README.md)
- [Rust](./clients/rust/wen_new_standard/README.md)

## Contributing

Check out the [Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) the learn more about how to contribute to this project.

## CLI

> The Wen New Standard, now has a CLI allowing users to create collections and asset related operations. Click [here](./wpl_cli/README.md) to learn more about the commands present.

Author: ```suggestion
The Wen Program Library, now has a CLI allowing users to create collections and asset related operations. Click [here](./wpl_cli/README.md) to learn more about the commands present.
```
